fix: simplify custom typing in storage module (#374)
Azure/bicep-registry-modules: CONTRIBUTING.md

- `./modules/storage.bicep`
- `./modules/compute.bicep`

## User-Defined Types (Preview)

The repository has been setup to leverage the preview feature, [user-defined types](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/user-defined-data-types), on a per module basis.

While the feature is in Preview, [to enable](https://learn.microsoft.com/en-us/azure/azure-resource-manager/bicep/user-defined-data-types#enable-the-preview-feature) include a `bicepconfig.json` in your module directory.

> `type` assignments should be declared and the end of the file, after the `outputs` are declarationed. Types should include descriptions, which can be copied from the Azure API documentation when wrapping existing RP objects. Nested `type` declartions do not need a description. `type` should be reserved for use in complex cases, and should not be used to in place of primative types.

Author: ```suggestion
`type` assignments should be declared to the end of the file, after the declaration of `outputs`. Types should include descriptions, which can be copied from the Azure API documentation when wrapping existing RP objects. Nested `type` declarations do not need a description. `type` should be reserved for use in complex cases and should not be used to in place of primitive types.
```

```bicep
@description('The properties of a storage account’s Blob service.')
type blobServiceProperties = {
  changeFeed: changeFeed?
  containerDeleteRetentionPolicy: containerDeleteRetentionPolicy?
  cors: cors?
  deleteRetentionPolicy: deleteRetentionPolicy?
  isVersioningEnabled: isVersioningEnabled?
  lastAccessTimeTrackingPolicy: lastAccessTimeTrackingPolicy?
  restorePolicy: restorePolicy?
}

@description('The blob service properties for change feed events.')
type changeFeed = {
  enabled: boo
  @minValue(1)
  @maxValue(146000)
  retentionInDays: int?
}

@description('The blob service properties for container soft delete.')
type containerDeleteRetentionPolicy = {
  allowPermanentDelete: bool
  @minValue(1)
  @maxValue(365)
  days: int?
  enabled: bool
}
```

Avoid these patterns.

```bicep

> type enabled = bool  // Avoid using types to wrap simple primatives

Reviewer: ```suggestion
type enabled = bool  // Avoid setting aliases for primitive types
```
